Loki: Update Query Variable docs (#54909)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/loki.md

## Query variable

Variable of the type _Query_ allows you to query Loki for a list labels or label values. The Loki data source plugin

> provides a form to select the type of values that can be expected to be used for a given variable. This form has the following
> options to choose from:

Reviewer: The second sentence ("The Loki data source...") was a little hard to parse. I tried to clarify the wording on this sentence. Is this still correct? 
```suggestion
provides a form to select the type of values that can be expected for a given variable.
The form has these options:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!

| Query Type   | Label       | Stream Selector       | Description                                                                            |
| ------------ | ----------- | --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Label names  | No required | Not required          | Returns a list of label names.                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Label names  | Not required | Not required          | Returns a list of label names.                                                         |
```

Author: Thanks!
